Stubbing out the aep tooling list (#238)
aep-dev/aeps: pages/general/faq.md

# Frequently Asked Questions

## What are the differences between AEPs and AIPs?

If you are familiar with Google's API Improvement Proposals 
[google.aip.dev](https://google.aip.dev), then much of the 
[API Enhancement Proposals](https://aep.dev) content will be familiar.

However, AEPs have notable philosophical differences, including:

- AEPs prioritize broadly applicable design guidance for any company, while AIPs
  prioritized design guidance specifically for Google (e.g., providing

>   backwards-compatibility with prior decisions to meet Gogole-specific needs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  backwards-compatibility with prior decisions to meet Google-specific needs).
```

- AEPs are protocol-agonistic and consider both gRPC and HTTP+JSON as
  first-class protocols for which examples and other content are necessary.

> - AEPs focuses on a core specification that should not be forked, paired with a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- AEPs focuses on a core specification that is not intended to be forked, paired with a 
```

nit: Maybe slightly weaker wording?

>   mechanism for optional organization-specific guidance extends the
>   specification. (Whereas AIPs encourage forking its guidance outright.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  mechanism for optional organization-specific guidance to extend the
  specification. AIPs encourage forking its guidance outright.
```

> AEPs also have the advantage of hindsight, which makes it possible in some
> cases to provide better guidance. (One small example:
> renaming `page_size` to `max_page_size` for requests to paginated API methods.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Proposing just deleting this section. Primarily because I think discussions around changing guidance eventually results in discussion around backwards compatibility, which I would argue is a nuanced topic where our stance will evolve over time based on user feedback.

I also don't think this will be a particularly strong selling point - AIPs have had only positive feedback in my experience, with consistency being the main selling point. I don't think a slightly more accurate name will change minds. Thoughts?
